First person game where a player roams a facility storing tamagotchi creatures
Game will be coded in vanilla HTML, JS, and CSS, entirely within canvas and three.JS
The game will be 2.5d, with all the artwork being flat sprites billboarded towards the player
The player should have a toggleable flashlight and control device
The control device should be a flat 2d screen that the player can look at. The player can keep moving when controlling the device, but the mouse look around is locked (mouse being used to interact with the device)
The facility should be comprised by rooms and hallways. There should be 4 tamagatchi containment rooms, which should be in opposite corners of the facility.
There should also be rooms with minor tasks, like a loading dock, a storage closet, a water filtration room, the entryway etc.
The facility should be very dark, with some minor abient lighting, that should flicker dramatically.
The game should take place over the course of 5 nights. Each night, the player has to complete several tasks. These tasks will be involve going to different rooms and completing quick time events/minigames.
Each night, a new tamagotchi is added to a containment chamber. The player needs to satisfy the tamagotchi with the control device, or else the tamagatchi will break out.
If the tamagotchi breaks out, the player will need to avoid the tamagotchi in the hallways, and add a lure to the chamber to get the tamagotchi to enter, and fix the glass without the tamagotchi noticing. If the tamagotchi catches the player, the player should get jumpscared and die, restarting the night.
The control device should have several tabbed sections, with 1 being the tamagotchi controls, 1 being the tasks, with a map marking the players current location and the locaiton of the tasks, and game settings.
The game should be significantly juiced up, with movement feeling fluid (including running, jumping, and crouching).
Every single day, there should be a task where the player needs to transport a new tamgotchi to a new containment room, and the tamgotchi should get needier and more aggressive when the escape day after day.

This game is for a jam. The top priorities for the jam are:
Was the game fun to play?
Dud the game include the core elements of a tamagotchi?
Was there a clear path of progression?
How good was the audio and sound fx?
How well implemented was the UI?