Was not able to pick up water bowl from water filtration room when there was a water fixing task first, no e to interact.
When power went out and Tamagotchi escaped, was not able to interact with generator, did not see lure.
Tamagotchi, when escaped should explore more, should actively search for player, and be more aggressive, faster, and more sensitive to noises the longer it's out.
Chance for Tamagotchi to break items in cage, need to be replaced
Add restock QTE for supply room, order new items (like lures, items, etc.)
Add a charging station with a loading bar to see the current charge level in office, when device is dead, you can't complete tasks, and the charging station should be the only task in the mini-map with escort attached.
there should be a lure item, and it should be highlighted when the power is out, escape is happening.
When standing right next to the containment chambers, you can't press e.
Make the target area for interactable meshes a bounding box with a little margin, right now ray tracing can go between shelves for instance.
Manual feeding should be done with physical, labeled buttons on the wall of the containment chambers.
Clicking on the glass mesh anywhere should trigger the glass repair, glass should not self repair, glass was not interactable even with e (bug?)
Lure should not be interactable if there isn't an escaped Tamagotchi.
Make escort path avoid walls, go through doors.
Task list on device should instead list all task types, and mark them as active or not active.
Night end should be returning to the elevator, within 1 minute. Need to clock out before going to elevator in control room.
The starting QTE in the control room should be clicking a clock in button.
Add a little minigame to play on device if times are slow.
Instead of a tabbed device, have more OS-lite style, with apps and exit buttons and stuff.
Add more unique QTEs for each of the room types.
For the remote Tamagotchi feeding, instead of buttons, have drag and drop toys, food, and water.
In the last minute, no tasks should be active.
If miss elevators, end game, fired for overtime, body not found.
In the beginning, have the watch have the name of the game, start, settings, credits. Pressing start should show the day 1 for a second, and then close device and elevator should land a second later.
Tamagotchi is trademarked, let's move away from that verbiage, and change the title and references in the game and code.